OSDOCS-14788 known issue with AWS credentials (#94631)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

* {product-title} clusters that are installed on {aws-short} in the Mexico Central region (`mx-central-1`) cannot be destroyed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56020[*OCPBUGS-56020*])

* When installing a cluster on {azure-short}, if you set `compute.platform.azure.identity.type`, `controlplane.platform.azure.identity.type`, or `platform.azure.defaultMachinePlatform.identity.type` to "None", your cluster is unable to pull images from the Azure Container Registry. You can avoid this issue by providing a user-assigned identity, or by leaving the identity field blank, which causes the installation program to generate a user-assigned identity. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56008[*OCPBUGS-56008*])

> * When installing a cluster on {aws-short}, if you did not configure {aws-short} credentials before running any `openshift-install create` command, the installation program will fail. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56658[*OCPBUGS-56658*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When installing a cluster on {aws-short}, if you did not configure {aws-short} credentials before running any `openshift-install create` command, the installation program fails. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56658[*OCPBUGS-56658*])
```
is this a bug, or just a fact? is there a resolution?

Author: It's a bug that will be fixed in 4.20

> * When installing a cluster on {aws-short}, if you did not configure {aws-short} credentials before running `openshift-install create install-config` or `openshift-install create cluster`, the installation program will fail. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56658[*OCPBUGS-56658*])

Reviewer 2: All `create` sub-commands will hit such error, how about: _before running `openshift-install create`, the installation program will fail._

```
Available Commands:
  cluster                     Create an OpenShift cluster
  ignition-configs            Generates the Ignition Config asset
  install-config              Generates the Install Config asset
  manifests                   Generates the Kubernetes manifests
  single-node-ignition-config Generates the bootstrap-in-place-for-live-iso Ignition Config asset
```

Author: That sounds more accurate, I've updated the PR. Thanks

> * When installing a cluster on {aws-short}, if you use the `openshift-install` binary to create the `install-config.yaml` file or create a cluster, and you did not provide {aws-short} credentials in the installation directory or in the `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable, the installation program will fail. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56658[*OCPBUGS-56658*])

Reviewer 2: > you did not provide {aws-short} credentials in the installation directory or in the `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable

This is not accurate I think, it's more like _did not config AWS credentials correctly_, which includes:
1. The default AWS  credential file `~/.aws/credential` does not exist.
2. The default AWS  credential file `~/.aws/credential` exists, but the corresponding profile (the value of `AWS_PROFILE`) does not present in credential file
3. _other cases_

Author: Thanks Yunfei, I've updated the wording
